Abner had been chief of Saul’s army.
He pursued David in the wilderness
and supported David’s rival
after David became king.
So why was Abner coming to see David?
My lord the king,
make a covenant with us.
We now support you as king
because Jehovah has promised us
salvation by means of your hand.
I will make a covenant with you.
David trusted Abner and hoped that he would
now remain loyal.
But Joab saw things differently.
What have you done?
You know Abner!
He came here to fool you and to get
to know your every move
and find out everything that you’re doing!
Be careful.
You know the law:
‘You must not hold a grudge,
and you must love your fellow man as yourself.’
Joab’s distrust grew into vengeance.
He later killed Abner.
Those who hate expect the worst,
but those who love never lose hope.